All files inside of ./src, and any original, novel work above that
directory (although my build system isn't likely to be of much interest
to anyone!), are governed by the following license. The below is the MIT
license from http://wikipedia.org/Mit_License, and in short says: Do
what you like, but this license follows the source code. If anything of
yours, from your software, to your hardware, to your dog gets harmed by
using this code, it's your problem. That said, if it isn't working as
you expect, email me (sireel@bluescreenofdoom.com), and I'll see how I
can help.

I'd be grateful for credit to be given in anything this is used for (and
if I'm told what it's used for, even better), but it's not a
requirement.

Legalese:

Copyright (C) 2013 Jameson Thatcher (a.k.a., SirEel)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

- The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE
